1. What is OIDC and how does GitHub Actions use it to authenticate to AWS without storing credentials?
OIDC (OpenID Connect) allows GitHub Actions to request a short-lived identity token during workflow execution. AWS verifies this token and allows the workflow to 
assume an IAM role without needing access keys. This removes the need to store AWS credentials in GitHub secrets. It is more secure because credentials are temporary and automatically expire.

2. The IAM role trust policy is scoped to repo and branch. What happens if a PR from a fork runs the workflow?
The workflow from a forked repository cannot assume the IAM role. This is because the trust policy strictly allows only the main branch of the original repository. 
Even if the workflow runs, AWS will deny the role assumption request. This prevents unauthorized deployments from external contributors.

3. Why does ECS not pick up a new :latest image automatically without force deployment?
ECS does not track image changes for the :latest tag automatically. It only uses the image defined in the current task definition. 
When you run --force-new-deployment, ECS stops old tasks and starts new ones that pull the latest image. Without this, ECS keeps running the old container image.

4. The IAM policy allows only ecs:UpdateService. What happens if someone tries ecs:DeleteService?
The request will fail with an access denied error. This is because the IAM role does not have permission for ecs:DeleteService. 
AWS strictly enforces least privilege access. This ensures that only allowed actions can be performed by the pipeline.

5. What is the risk of using :latest tag in production?
Using :latest makes deployments unpredictable because it does not track versions. If two developers push changes at the same time, 
one image can overwrite the other. This makes debugging and rollback difficult. It is better to use versioned or commit-based tags in production.

6. Why is storing Docker Hub credentials acceptable but not AWS credentials?
Docker Hub credentials are only used to push images and have limited impact if exposed. AWS credentials can provide access to critical infrastructure and resources. 
With OIDC, AWS credentials are not stored and are generated temporarily. This significantly reduces security risks.

7. What happens to incoming requests during ECS force redeployment?
During deployment, old tasks are gradually stopped while new tasks are starting. Since there is no load balancer in this setup, 
there may be a short downtime. Incoming requests during this window may fail or timeout. In production, a load balancer is used to avoid this issue.

8. How would you modify the pipeline to deploy only on a Git tag?
Update the GitHub Actions trigger to run only on tag pushes instead of the main branch. For example, use:

on:
  push:
    tags:
      - 'v*'

This ensures the pipeline runs only when a version tag like v1.0.0 is created, enabling controlled and production-ready deployments.